and boldly here are residents of the west bank
Jordan
boycott Israeli goods in
protest against war unleashed
Israel in the gas sector
indignant inhabitants in a peaceful way
complain about the recent surge
violence and decades of occupation
considering that the volume of trade between
Israel and the Palestinian territories
measured in hundreds of millions of dollars
mass boycott declared Israeli
product must be very tangible
farid activist then little every week
spends several hours supermarkets
attaching special stickers to
Israeli products inscription on them
says
if you buy this product will help
Israeli army buyers say that
attitude towards the Israeli product sharply
changed they think they are being branded
shame if you see with the purchased goods
from israel every time i something
buy from check whether it is not made
it's in israel
if i buy israeli my goods
the money will go Israeli support
armies which bomb my brothers in gas
I am delighted I feel that I render
resistance and I don't need to throw for
this stone I protest in my own way
to and which israeli goods
when you start to participate in it
you get used it becomes part of life i
not going to stop repulsed
the Palestinians led the gaining momentum
international boycott company
Israeli technology goods are not
behind the popular initiatives
even special ones were developed
mobile apps have an app
which can be easily downloaded to
phone or smartphone
Here, for example, we have a product I want
check me boycott him or not
he reads and answers don't buy
This product so I will make the world
Palestinian campaign
received the name boycott rejection of
investment sanctions the program has attracted
call on their members to boycott
products manufactured below
equestrian Israeli settlements however
Palestinians have boycotted all goods
made in israel itself they claim
that people act instinctively movement
is massive and
The initiative shows not only
buyers joined them and
stores including large chains
supermarkets
we have 50 percent of all sales before
accounted for goods from Israel now
the figure has dropped to 5 it will help
Palestinian economy step by step
Palestinian products will become here
the most popular chain and market
one supermarket chain hung in their
stores posters in support of gas and her
employees put on t-shirts on which
words of solidarity with
residents of the sector, this store even removed
from the shelves all Israeli goods we are not
we buy Israeli goods
we removed from the shelves and returned
distributor now we started
sell only the products of Palestine and
other countries son drastic changes in
Palestinian spending can negatively
affect the economy of israel
since the occupied west bank
is one of his key
boycott regional export markets
Israeli goods will greatly affect
income of Israeli producers due
This Israel will have to change its
politics and in recent years israel
worried about what to do in case
threats of organized international
boycott they passed consideration of this
problems from the ministry of foreign affairs
to the ministry of strategic
planning
This means that the question has become more acute.
boycott of Israeli goods gives people
the ability to confront Israel and its
gas operations Palestinians hope that
such a take with can change the course
conflict because the current intifada caused
the biggest resonance ever
griefers rt Ramallah